NIAD-860: More information on MESH Client (#84)
nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results: README.md

### Message processing and error handling

EDIFACT messages are downloaded from MESH using MESH Client component. Due to specifics on how MESH works, the following design has been implemented.
![MESH Client](/documentation/lab_results_mesh_client_diagram.png)

> MESH Client component triggers at a given interval (app configuration), downloads all messages matching Pathology and Screening workflows and sends back an infrastructure ACK telling MESH to delete downloaded EDIFACT messages. Even if there are multiple instances of the adaptor running, only one of them will be downloading messages at a given time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MESH Client component is triggered at a given interval (that is specified in the app configuration) where it downloads all messages matching Pathology and Screening workflows and sends back an infrastructure ACK telling MESH to delete downloaded EDIFACT messages. Even if there are multiple instances of the adaptor running, only one of them will be downloading messages at a given time.
```
